---
layout: post
title: Celebrities in Cambridge
date: 2022-08-30 21:01:00
description: A conference of "stellar" astrophysicists
tags: celebrity-scientists conferences
categories: experiences
thumbnail: assets/img/posts/camb_thumb.jpg
---

It is very exciting as an young adult to meet a celebrity. Specially if you have been admiring their work since you started watching or following thier domain of work. If you have worked on stellar evolution since your Masters, Dr. Peter Eggleton would be one of those celebrities you admire. Also, if during your PhD, you work on triple stars, Dr. Eggleton and his partner Dr. Ludmila Kisseleva make the perfect celebrity couple. 

I was lucky to get an opportunity to present a talk at the STARS 2020 conference in Cambridge, UK, and also meet this celebrity couple. Along the way, I made a few friends who I encounter a lot in academia and life. All in this scientifically-historical city of Cambridge.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/posts/camb_2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/posts/camb_1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    On the way to the Institute of Astronomy in Cambridge (left). With Dr. Eggleton and Dr. Kisselva (right).
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/posts/camb_3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/posts/camb_5.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/posts/camb_4.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/posts/camb_6.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
